/* 
How to run the program: 

1 - User will input new task to the task list. Adds task description, priority and due date. 
    The data is then entered and displays a message confirming that task has been added successfully.

2 - User inputs the description of the task they want to remove. It then notifies the user that it has 
    successfully removed task or say task not found. 


3 - User inputs description of the task to be marked as complete and it notifies if task was successfully marked 
    or not found. 

4 - Displays all tasks listed, if no tasks then user is notified. 

5 - User enters priority level to filter tasks. It then prints only the tasks matching that priority.
    If not tasks, user will be notified

6 - User inputs the description of the task they want to find. Details of tasks will be displayed if found. 

7 - Program exists gracefully. Displays message that program has ended.alignas

Default Case - Invalid choice, if any other number or letter apart from 1-7 is entered. 



As I did my program, I had the help and support of various resources and collaborations. I used LLMS to guide and better my understanding
during this process. They provided valuable assitance in coding practices and especially problem solving strategies. 

Some External References I used: C++ Mini Project on Task Manager. Started from scratch to build C++ projects which covered topics like classes. 
Also used GeeksforGeeks website which helped me in structureing task management features for this project. Lastly, I used the most important
which was youtube. Tutorial videos that helped with the development of this project and also gave me practical examples and explanations.

I had discussions with peers to help me understand a bit more of what was needed. 
Akeylah Hernandez, my classmate who gave ms ideas and troublshoot various aspects of the program when it didn't want to run well on Visual Studio.
Leonidez Rosado, a bachelor student who provided me insight into how to go about starting my program, and helped me set up repository for Github.
Emmanuel Garcia, another bachelor student who as well gave me insight on how to fix up my functions. 

*/